create `@guardian/browserslist-config` (#207)
guardian/configs: packages/browserslist-config/README.md

# `@guardian/browserslist-config`

> [Browserslist](https://github.com/browserslist/browserslist) config for Guardian websites.

## Installation

```bash
yarn add -D @guardian/browserslist-config
```

or

```bash
npm install --save-dev @guardian/browserslist-config
```

## Usage

In your `.browserslistrc`:

```
extends @guardian/browserslist-config
```

Or in your `package.json`:

```json
  "browserslist": [
    "extends @guardian/browserslist-config"
  ]
```

## Rules

> -   support `<script type="module">` _and_ at least 0.01% usage

Author: ```suggestion
-   support `<script type="module">` _and_ at least 0.01% of page views on theguardian.com
```
